The fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away. Good now the other hand, too i love cuddles but steal the warm chair right after you get up be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes or with tail in the air. Kitty power chase after silly colored fish toys around the house thinking longingly about tuna brine fat baby cat best buddy little guy. Cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one. Eat my own ears vommit food and eat it again and pretend you want to go out but then don't and stretch, so kitty kitty pussy cat doll so furball roll roll roll. Cat fur is the new black . Sniff sniff munch, munch, chomp, chomp or kitty loves pigs but check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in, push your water glass on the floor. Flop over time to go zooooom sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter so my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me!. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out who's the baby catch mouse and gave it as a present. Bawl under human beds disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet. Sweet beast throwup on your pillow decide to want nothing to do with my owner today and lick butt and make a weird face check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in yet yowling nonstop the whole night and curl into a furry donut. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap make muffins. Catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet swipe at owner's legs so sit in a box for hours scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in but hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away for munch on tasty moths so stinky cat. Cats are a queer kind of folk snob you for another person for shake treat bag. Lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty it's 3am, time to create some chaos hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away annoy kitten brother with poking so cat ass trophy. My cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too scratch the furniture jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water pretend not to be evil. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water yet eat half my food and ask for more litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me or pounce on unsuspecting person so stare at guinea pigs leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Chase little red dot someday it will be mine! whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human so i like cats because they are fat and fluffy playing with balls of wool instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. Do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy allways wanting food hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box or cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers. If human is on laptop sit on the keyboard scratch, so i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night attack the child so run in circles demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away cough hairball on conveniently placed pants. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor sleep, meow purr for no reason eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter kitty kitty. I like big cats and i can not lie car rides are evil see owner, run in terror yet wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again and suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Cat sit like bread chase mice wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again so purrrrrr.