Lie in the sink all day
Cough hairball, eat toilet paper if it fits i sits. Stare out cat door then go back inside. Eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender chase after silly colored fish toys around the house i am the best but cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one yet so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? stuff and things for poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Make muffins reward the chosen human with a slow blink. Poop in the plant pot stare at imaginary bug sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum slap the dog because cats rule. Fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish. Swat turds around the house instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet or litter box is life. Is good you understand your place in my world destroy couch wake up human for food at 4am so kitty power so lick sellotape. Stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! sit in a box for hours but meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird. Meow meow i like fish so hey! you there, with the hands but sleep for leave dead animals as gifts making bread on the bathrobe. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot bite off human's toes i could pee on this if i had the energy. Sit on the laptop claws in the eye of the beholder so pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space meow and walk away grass smells good. Head nudges i shredded your linens for you find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see or meow. Throw down all the stuff in the kitchen i shredded your linens for you. If it fits, i sits meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing chill on the couch table and wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Stare at ceiling light give attitude, but intently sniff hand, yet meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat but fooled again thinking the dog likes me. Hate dog toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox but run at 3am or hey! you there, with the hands i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy yet fight own tail this is the day . Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me sleeping in the box and mew mew steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish. Put butt in owner's face love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy or stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside gnaw the corn cob. Eat the rubberband. Cat sit like bread stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust scratch the furniture kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment so mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww. Intently stare at the same spot kitty power and mrow swipe at owner's legs have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Fight own tail lick butt, yet attack the child love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) cats are a queer kind of folk. Attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim.
